Update building-from-source.md (#11241)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/building-from-source.md

> the `runtime` directory within the user's helix config directory (more
> [details below](#multiple-runtime-directories)).

> > 💡 The `runtime/sources` folder can be removed after building from source, which will save over 1GB of disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 The `runtime/grammars/sources` folder can be removed after building from source, which will save over 1GB of disk space.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 The `runtime/sources` folder can be removed after building from source to free up disk space.
```

an exact(ish) figure might not age well, let's just say it'll save disk space

Author: I agree. It might be worth saying that it's "a significant amount of" disk space. I would ignore a message like that otherwise. In any case, having the note there will help in any form so thanks.
